ftpmirror - mirror a remote FTP directory

ftpmirror is a Perl5 script for mirroring remote
FTP directories to a local ones, or to upload
local ones to FTP server.

ftpmirror supports FTP/SSL and FTP/TLS modes when
perl's Net::FTP library is of version
3.05 or newer. It can verify server's certificate
against a specified fingerprint. To make it
easier for a user, ftpmirror supports retrieving
server certificate and printing its Authority,
Owner, CN and md5/sha1/sha256/sha512 fingerprints,
when run as "./ftpmirror.pl -c host.name". The
reported fingerprints can be passed to -f option,
including the md5$/sha1$/sha256$/sha512$ prefix.
Fingerprint verification is useful when working
with servers that use self-signed certificates or
incorrect DNS names.

When mirroring ftp://host.name/sub/dir/ the
script creates ./host.name/sub/dir in current
directory. It preserves permissions on downloaded
files and directories and mtime timestamps on
downloaded files. 

For uploaded files and directories, only
permissions are preserved, because there's no
support for this in FTP protocol.

NOTE: uploading is not yet implemented.
